Small edits to dataTable and otherEntity sections (#134)
NCEAS/datateam-training: workflows/edit_eml/edit_datatables.Rmd

```

Where `i` is the index that you wish insert your `dataTable` into.

To add a list of `dataTables` to avoid the unpacking problem above you will need to create a list of `dataTables`

```{r, eval = FALSE}
dts <- list() # create an empty list
for(i in seq_along(tables_you_need)){
  # your code modifying/creating the dataTable here
  dataTable <- eml$dataTable(entityName = dataTable$entityName,
                             entityDescription = dataTable$entityDescription,
                             physical = physical,
                             attributeList = attributeList)
  
  dts[[i]] <- dataTable # add to the list
}
```

After getting a list of `dataTables`, assign the resulting list to `dataTable` EML
```{r}
doc$dataset$dataTable <- dts
```

> Sometimes the metadata intended for `dataTable` ends up in `otherEntity`. You can use `eml_otherEntity_to_dataTable` to easily move items in `otherEntity` over to `dataTable`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the online submission form adds all entities as `otherEntity`, even when most should probably be `dataTable`.  You can use `eml_otherEntity_to_dataTable` to easily move items in `otherEntity` over to `dataTable`. Most tabular data or data that contain variables should be listed as a `dataTable`. Data that do not contain variables (eg: plain text readme files, pdfs, jpegs) should be listed as `otherEntity`.
```
